---
layout: post
title: Week 4 Meeting
date: 2020-03-14
---

## Meeting 3 recap
- Setting up network on CSUA

## Meeting 4 agenda

What we'll do at this meeting is finish setting up the network on CSAU,
do a Pytorch tutorial so that everyone can get some experience writing
Pytorch code from scratch, and discuss what we want to work on in teams.

My hope is that every team will be able to complete an experiment before
Spring Break, and write a post about it on the website.

- Finish CSUA setup (30min)
- Pytorch tutorial (45min)
- Team check-ins (30min)
- Work in teams (60min)

## CSUA setup

1. Clone the project github and go to the music-translation subfolder
2. Create and source a virtualenv
3. Add the virtual env to Jupyter as a kernel
   [edit 2 of this answer](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42449814/running-jupyter-notebook-in-a-virtualenv-installed-sklearn-module-not-available)
4. Install the `requirements.txt` and go to `src/nv-wavenet` and
   `python3 setup.py install` to install the CUDA kernel
5. Create symlinks with `ln -s`
   (see [https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1951742/how-can-i-symlink-a-file-in-linux]()) 
> One symlink from `/datasets/musicnet/musicnet` to `musicnet` in the music-translation
  subfolder
> Another from `/datasets/muscinet/checkpoints` to `checkpoints`

Please be careful not to delete or overwrite checkpoints, as it's shared.
Also, it's probably good practice to back up important checkpoints
to your home folder.

6. Try running Generate_modified.ipynb in notebooks (might have to change
   things to get it to work. Particularly change from 3 to 0 the last argument
   of NVWavenetGenerator constructor)
7. Or try running train2.sh or `sample2.sh [decoder][path/to/checkpoint/(lastmodel|bestmodel)]`
    I forget what train2 expects in terms of parameters.
    They're basically just wrapper scripts that call the training/evaluation
    with parameters. I just modified the provided train.sh and sample.sh.
8. Be sure to run any training or evaluation in `tmux` if you want it to run
   in the background. Just open a `tmux` and then you can close the ssh,
   and return to it later with `tmux a #`.


## Pytorch tutorial

[Link](/pytorch-tutorial.ipynb)

## Team check-ins

Team check-ins this week will be
- What experiment do you want to do this week?
- What steps toward completing that experiment do you want to complete at this
  meeting, and when/how do you plan to finish the experiment outside of the
  meeting?
- What would the website post about the experiment look like? Who will write it?
- When do you expect the experiment to be finished by?

### Transfomers (James, Alicia)

### Network training (Praveen, Andrew)

### Pretrained Model (Jasmine, Jim)
